Okay, the first challenge in this section
is to implement the addBefore method
for the EmployeeDoublyLinkedList class.
This method will take two employees.
The first employee will be the employee
you want to add to the list
and the second employee will be
an existing employee in the list
and what the addBefore method will do is
it will insert the new employee into the list
right before the existing employee.
So if you call addBefore and you pass
James Bond as the new employee,
and John Doe as the existing employee
then what this method should do is insert James Bond
right before John Doe, in the list.
Now there's a starter project in the Resources section
that you can use.
It has all the code you need.
So it has the code for the LinkedList,
it's the same LinkedList that we implemented
when we implemented the DoublyLinkedList
and it also has an empty addBefore method
inside the EmployeeDoublyLinkedList class.
And if you look at the main method
in the main.Java file, you'll see that there's code there
and that code should work when you're finished.
So once you've implemented the addBefore method,
run the main method and you should see
the new employee added before
the employee that you specified.
So good luck with this challenge
and I'll see you in the solution video.